Add missing index/types files for bundle-size-tools (#3758)
microsoft/FluidFramework: tools/bundle-size-tools/README.md

## Limitations

> - Bundle-size-tools currently only has APIs for working with Azure DevOps, additional work will have to be done to support other source control providers like GitHub.  Other tools can be used in conjunction with bundle-size-tools to support hybrid environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bundle-size-tools currently only has APIs for working with Azure DevOps. Additional work will have to be done to support other source control providers like GitHub.  Other tools can be used in conjunction with bundle-size-tools to support hybrid environments.
```

> - Bundle-size-tools was designed to work with webpack; other bundlers are not supported at this time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bundle-size-tools was designed to work with webpack; other bundlers are not supported.
```

# How Bundle-size-tools works

> This section is meant to highlight some of the assumptions that bundle-size-tools makes and defines some of the pieces you'd have to set up for onboarding a new repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section highlights some of the assumptions that bundle-size-tools makes and defines the pieces required to onboard a new repository.
```

## Baseline builds

> In order to provide accurate metrics for bundle size regressions, Bundle buddy must have a baseline to compare against. For example, when submitting a pull request, bundle-size-tools should only report changes to bundle sizes that are directly related to the current pull request. If the pull request was targeting the main branch of the repository, we would consider the baseline to be the main commit the PR branch was based off. To use bundle-size-tools, you'll need a mechanism to get the webpack stats files for the baseline builds, such as generating webpack stats file for every commit to main using an automated build or providing a way to find a matching stats file from a different commit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to provide accurate metrics for bundle size regressions, bundle-size-tools must have a baseline to compare against. For example, when submitting a pull request, bundle-size-tools should only report changes to bundle sizes that are directly related to the current pull request. If the pull request was targeting the main branch of the repository, we would consider the baseline to be the main commit the PR branch was based off. To use bundle-size-tools, you'll need a mechanism to get the webpack stats files for the baseline builds, such as generating webpack stats file for every commit to main using an automated build or providing a way to find a matching stats file from a different commit.
```

}
```

> It is expected that consumers of bundle-size-tools will configure one or more `WebpackStatsProcessors` for their projects. It is also possible to write your own custom `WebpackStatsProcessors`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consumers of bundle-size-tools must configure one or more `WebpackStatsProcessors` for their projects. It is also possible to write and use custom `WebpackStatsProcessors`.
```

Bundle-size-tools runs the same set of `WebpackStatsProcessors` on both the baseline commit and pull request commit. It then compares the metrics produces by the baseline commit and pull request commit and reports these differences in a comment in the pull request.

### Default Stats Processors

> Bundle-size-tools provides a basic set of `WebpackStatsProcessors`. They include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bundle-size-tools provides the following basic set of `WebpackStatsProcessors`:
```

Assumptions

> - Monorepo that produces some number of packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Monorepo that produces one or more packages.
```

## Build runs main CI completes to update pull requests pending baseline stats

> There is a separate build pipeline that runs after each successful main build and looks for all buddy builds with the `bundle-buddy-pending-<commitHash>` corresponding to the `<commitHash>` of the main build. This build process will then run bundle-size-tools on all these PRs and post a comment.

Reviewer: Has the build tag been updated with the new name? Or is it still bundle-buddy-pending-<commitHash>? If it is, you should note that the command is correct; otherwise I would just assume it's a typo. :)

Author: was correct because i didn't change the tag yet but i'll change it now
